Re-export tag names for all components from nimble-angular (#1337)
ni/nimble: angular-workspace/projects/ni/nimble-angular/README.md

    class AppModule {}
    ```

3. Each application should add the `<nimble-theme-provider>`* element to `app.component.html` and set its `theme` attribute. The theme provider has no appearance of its own but defines tokens that are used by descendant components.

    ```html
    <nimble-theme-provider theme="light">
        <router-outlet></router-outlet>
    </nimble-theme-provider>
    ```

>     *See [note below about the recommended way to reference nimble elements in HTML](#specifying-nimble-element-tags).

Reviewer: I think this note and the note below are over-emphasizing the discussion. Angular Templates should always use the name and directive for typing. There is no edge case related to Angular templates.

The use-case being documented is specifically a non Angular Template workflow which is very much an exception.

I'd prefer to avoid specifying this note in the getting started section at all to avoid confusion.

    class AppModule {}
    ```

> 3. Each application should add the `<nimble-theme-provider>`* element to `app.component.html` and set its `theme` attribute. The theme provider has no appearance of its own but defines tokens that are used by descendant components.

Reviewer: @m-akinc take another look at the changes please. The asteriks were left behind

    See [the theming documentation in `nimble-components`](/packages/nimble-components/README.md#theming) for more information.

> 6. As needed, add Nimble components* to the templates in your application:

Reviewer: just to be explicit remove this one too

See the [README.md for the ni/nimble repository](/README.md) for documentation of individual components.

> ### Specifying Nimble Element Tags
> 
> For each Nimble component, there is an exported constant for the component's HTML element tag. For example, the Nimble theme provider component exports a `themeProviderTag` constant with value `"nimble-theme-provider"`. It is recommended that you use these constants in your HTML whenever possible rather than hard-coding the element names or using `DesignSystem.tagFor()`. This allows the names to become a compile-time dependency, providing protection against missing imports and typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Nimble Element Tags

Generally for normal Angular Templates the element tag should be used directly along with the associated directives. For example by importing the `NimbleThemeProviderModule` and using the `<nimble-theme-provider>` tag in an Angular Template.

In some cases where you are manipulating HTML strings directly, such as writing custom pipes or writing selectors in test code, you may want to use the element tag as a string value outside of an Angular Template. For these use-cases you should leverage the associated tag constant exported by a directive. For example, the  `NimbleThemeProviderDirective` exports the `themeProviderTag` constant which contains the string `"nimble-theme-provider"`.

By depending on the element tag constant, the name becomes a compile-time dependency providing protection against typos and ensuring that the underlying web component is properly defined in the deployed page.
```
